---
slug: /4.4
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

# Regarding Scratch Terms of Use Section 4.4

Some people have noticed that [Scratch's Terms of Use](https://scratch.mit.edu/terms_of_use) includes this section:

> 4.4 You may only submit user-generated projects that were created with (1) the Scratch website editor or (2) an unmodified copy of the Scratch editor compiled from the source code described in Section 5.3. You may not upload any projects that were created, by you or by anyone else, with a modified version of the Scratch editor.

**We can't speak on behalf of the Scratch Team**, but we will note a few things:

 - We are not aware of any instance of this being enforced for any mod.
 - Regardless of section 4.4, you shouldn't upload projects to Scratch that force people to use TurboWarp or any other mod. It's probably okay to suggest it, but you must let that suggestion be easily ignored.
 - It is common for websites to have policies that aren't actively enforced to protect themselves in exceptional circumstances.
 - TurboWarp is "a modified version of the Scratch editor".

The wording of Section 5.3 is also interesting:

> 5.3 The source code for Scratch 1.4 is available for download and subject to the copyright notice as indicated on the [Scratch FAQ](https://scratch.mit.edu/faq) page.

If the terms were enforced as written then anything made in the Scratch 2 or Scratch 3 desktop apps would also be in violation.

*At the time of writing, the Scratch Terms of Use were last updated April 2016.*
